above
That's right, Kobayashi
What do you mean?
You drugged the wine
Hum hum hum hum
That's right, we invited the president over
But don't give him a little sweetness
he
How could it be possible to thaw the funds of our Jiang family?
Well
So I can only dedicate you to the president
As long as you can make the president comfortable
Then our country funds
Naturally thawed
Hahahaha no
That president is almost 60 and can be my father
I don't want it.
No, we don't want you.
Humph oops
Second sister, you look beautiful
I see oil lotus
The president will love it
Just take it as a sacrifice for the Jiang family
No, you let me go
If I let you go, who will serve the president?
Don't worry.
The medicine we give you will only make you weak
Your mind is still clear
So when the president plays with you
You won't look like a dead person
No response at all
Hahahaha
Then you can struggle as much as you want
The more you resist
The stronger the president's desire to conquer, hahaha